hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_viewmodel_CharacterViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_viewmodel_CharacterViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/android/networkconnect/databinding/ItemEpisodeBinding.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.databinding.ItemEpisodeBinding
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.Hilt_MainActivity$1
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/example/android/networkconnect/domain/usecase/UseCase.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.domain.usecase.UseCase
com/example/android/networkconnect/data/remote/extension/EpisodeMapper.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.data.remote.extension.EpisodeMapper
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/fragment/Hilt_LocationFragment.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.Hilt_LocationFragment
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/fragment/NetworkFragment.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.NetworkFragment
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.NetworkFragment$DownloadTask
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.NetworkFragment$DownloadTask$Result
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_fragment_LocationFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_fragment_LocationFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/viewmodel/LocationViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.LocationViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.LocationViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/viewmodel/CharacterViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.CharacterViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.CharacterViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/android/networkconnect/AppApplication.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/viewmodel/EpisodeViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.EpisodeViewModel_Factory
com/example/android/networkconnect/AppApplication_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_ComponentTreeDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_viewmodel_CharacterViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_viewmodel_CharacterViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/fragment/EpisodeFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.EpisodeFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/DownloadCallback.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.DownloadCallback
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.DownloadCallback$Progress
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_viewmodel_EpisodeViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_viewmodel_EpisodeViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/android/networkconnect/AppApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/example/android/networkconnect/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/fragment/LocationFragment.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.LocationFragment
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.LocationFragment$1
com/example/android/networkconnect/data/NetworkingRepositoryImpl_Factory.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.data.NetworkingRepositoryImpl_Factory
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/MainActivity.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.MainActivity
com/example/android/networkconnect/databinding/ItemLocationBindingImpl.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.databinding.ItemLocationBindingImpl
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/fragment/Hilt_EpisodeFragment.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.Hilt_EpisodeFragment
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/extension/PaginationScrollListener.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.extension.PaginationScrollListener
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/viewmodel/CharacterViewModel.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.CharacterViewModel
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/fragment/EpisodeFragment.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.EpisodeFragment
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.EpisodeFragment$1
com/example/android/networkconnect/Hilt_AppApplication.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.Hilt_AppApplication
 com.example.android.networkconnect.Hilt_AppApplication$1
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/fragment/Hilt_CharacterFragment.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.Hilt_CharacterFragment
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_example_android_networkconnect_AppApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_example_android_networkconnect_AppApplication
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/viewmodel/CharacterViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.CharacterViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.CharacterViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.CharacterViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/android/networkconnect/databinding/FragmentCharacterBinding.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.databinding.FragmentCharacterBinding
com/example/android/networkconnect/databinding/ItemEpisodeBindingImpl.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.databinding.ItemEpisodeBindingImpl
com/example/android/networkconnect/databinding/FragmentEpisodeBinding.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.databinding.FragmentEpisodeBinding
com/example/android/networkconnect/di/AppModule.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.di.AppModule
com/example/android/networkconnect/data/remote/NetworkingDataSourceRemoteImpl_Factory.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.data.remote.NetworkingDataSourceRemoteImpl_Factory
com/example/android/networkconnect/domain/usecase/GetEpisodeUseCase.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.domain.usecase.GetEpisodeUseCase
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/viewmodel/EpisodeViewModel.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.EpisodeViewModel
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_viewmodel_LocationViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_viewmodel_LocationViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/android/networkconnect/data/remote/extension/Result.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.data.remote.extension.Result
 com.example.android.networkconnect.data.remote.extension.Result$ResultStatus
com/example/android/networkconnect/data/remote/model/EpisodeDto.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.data.remote.model.EpisodeDto
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/fragment/CharacterFragment.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.CharacterFragment
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.CharacterFragment$1
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.CharacterFragment$2
com/example/android/networkconnect/data/remote/model/CharacterDto.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.data.remote.model.CharacterDto
com/example/android/networkconnect/data/remote/model/LocationDto.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.data.remote.model.LocationDto
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/viewmodel/EpisodeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.EpisodeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.EpisodeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/android/networkconnect/domain/NetworkingRepository.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.domain.NetworkingRepository
com/example/android/networkconnect/domain/model/EpisodeModel.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.domain.model.EpisodeModel
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/viewmodel/LocationViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.LocationViewModel_Factory
com/example/android/networkconnect/data/NetworkingRepositoryImpl.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.data.NetworkingRepositoryImpl
com/example/android/networkconnect/domain/model/CharacterModel.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.domain.model.CharacterModel
com/example/android/networkconnect/di/AppModule_ProvideCharacterDataSourceRemoteFactory.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.di.AppModule_ProvideCharacterDataSourceRemoteFactory
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/viewmodel/LocationViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.LocationViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.LocationViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.LocationViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/android/networkconnect/DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SingletonCImpl
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SingletonCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DaggerAppApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_networkconnect_AppApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_networkconnect_AppApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/example/android/networkconnect/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/android/networkconnect/databinding/SampleMainBinding.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.databinding.SampleMainBinding
com/example/android/networkconnect/data/remote/extension/ResponseApi.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.data.remote.extension.ResponseApi
com/example/android/networkconnect/domain/usecase/GetCharactersUseCase_Factory.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.domain.usecase.GetCharactersUseCase_Factory
com/example/android/networkconnect/domain/usecase/GetCharactersUseCase.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.domain.usecase.GetCharactersUseCase
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_fragment_EpisodeFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_fragment_EpisodeFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_networkconnect_di_AppModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_networkconnect_di_AppModule
com/example/android/networkconnect/data/remote/NetworkingDataSourceRemoteImpl.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.data.remote.NetworkingDataSourceRemoteImpl
 com.example.android.networkconnect.data.remote.NetworkingDataSourceRemoteImpl$1
 com.example.android.networkconnect.data.remote.NetworkingDataSourceRemoteImpl$2
 com.example.android.networkconnect.data.remote.NetworkingDataSourceRemoteImpl$3
com/example/android/networkconnect/di/AppModule_ProvideCharacterApiFactory.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.di.AppModule_ProvideCharacterApiFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_viewmodel_EpisodeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_viewmodel_EpisodeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_viewmodel_LocationViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_viewmodel_LocationViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/android/networkconnect/data/remote/ApiService.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.data.remote.ApiService
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/fragment/adapter/EpisodeAdapter.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.adapter.EpisodeAdapter
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.adapter.EpisodeAdapter$ItemViewHolder
com/example/android/networkconnect/databinding/ItemCharacterBinding.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.databinding.ItemCharacterBinding
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/fragment/CharacterFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.CharacterFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/extension/SpaceDecoration.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.extension.SpaceDecoration
com/example/android/networkconnect/domain/model/LocationModel.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.domain.model.LocationModel
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/android/networkconnect/AppApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.android.networkconnect.AppApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/example/android/networkconnect/databinding/FragmentLocationBinding.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.databinding.FragmentLocationBinding
com/example/android/networkconnect/domain/usecase/GetLocationUseCase_Factory.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.domain.usecase.GetLocationUseCase_Factory
com/example/android/networkconnect/databinding/ItemCharacterBindingImpl.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.databinding.ItemCharacterBindingImpl
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/viewmodel/CharacterViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.CharacterViewModel_Factory
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/viewmodel/EpisodeViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.EpisodeViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.EpisodeViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.EpisodeViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/android/networkconnect/domain/usecase/GetLocationUseCase.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.domain.usecase.GetLocationUseCase
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_fragment_CharacterFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_android_networkconnect_presenter_fragment_CharacterFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/android/networkconnect/domain/usecase/GetEpisodeUseCase_Factory.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.domain.usecase.GetEpisodeUseCase_Factory
com/example/android/networkconnect/di/AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.di.AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
 com.example.android.networkconnect.di.AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/android/networkconnect/data/remote/extension/CharacterMapper.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.data.remote.extension.CharacterMapper
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/extension/ViewExtension.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.extension.ViewExtension
com/example/android/networkconnect/databinding/ItemLocationBinding.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.databinding.ItemLocationBinding
com/example/android/networkconnect/di/AppModule_ProvideCharacterRepoFactory.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.di.AppModule_ProvideCharacterRepoFactory
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/viewmodel/LocationViewModel.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.viewmodel.LocationViewModel
com/example/android/networkconnect/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.BuildConfig
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_example_android_networkconnect_AppApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_example_android_networkconnect_AppApplication
com/example/android/networkconnect/data/remote/extension/LocationMapper.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.data.remote.extension.LocationMapper
com/example/android/networkconnect/data/remote/model/InfoDto.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.data.remote.model.InfoDto
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/fragment/LocationFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.LocationFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/android/networkconnect/BR.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.BR
com/example/android/networkconnect/data/remote/NetworkingDataSourceRemote.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.data.remote.NetworkingDataSourceRemote
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/fragment/adapter/CharacterAdapter.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.adapter.CharacterAdapter
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.adapter.CharacterAdapter$ItemViewHolder
com/example/android/networkconnect/presenter/fragment/adapter/LocationAdapter.java
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.adapter.LocationAdapter
 com.example.android.networkconnect.presenter.fragment.adapter.LocationAdapter$ItemViewHolder
